If you had to describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
If you could live in a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your favorite family tradition?
If you could throw a party in a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your favorite story from when you were little?
If you could build a robot in a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite pizza topping, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could live in a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite scent, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could be any age for a week, what age would you choose?
If you could explore a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could invent a new holiday, what would we celebrate?
What is your all-time favorite cookie, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could write a story about a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
If you were a teacher, what subject would you want to teach?
If you could explore a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could become the ruler of space, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
What is the most interesting fact you know?
If you could make a new law that everyone had to follow, what would it be?
What is something you are proud of accomplishing recently?
If you could take a vacation to a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could solve a mystery in a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite board game, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is the bravest thing you have ever done?
If you could become the ruler of a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could throw a party in a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could become the ruler of a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in space, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite ride, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could solve a mystery in a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could be a character in a video game, what game would it be?
Would you rather live in space or under the sea?
If you could live in a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal maid?
What is your favorite dessert of all time?
If you could live in an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could become the ruler of a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite month, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite holiday, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your favorite thing to do outside?
What is your all-time favorite superhero, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could bring your best friend to a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather have a purple nose or green ears?
If you could bring your best friend to a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite clothing item, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite theme park, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could bring your best friend to a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could only listen to one band or artist for a year, who would it be?
If you could build a robot in a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite sound, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your favorite game to play with the family?
What is something you have been trying to get better at?
If you could travel anywhere in the world tomorrow, where would you go?
If you could swap lives with anyone in the family for a day, who would it be?
If you could throw a party in a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite vegetable, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your all-time favorite planet, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could go to the Olympics, what sport would you compete in?
If you could throw a party in the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
What is one thing you wish you had more time to do?
If you could build a robot in a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite weather, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could explore an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore space, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your favorite thing about the person sitting to your right?
If you could have a pet dinosaur or a pet dragon, which would you pick?
If you could hide treasure in a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could become the ruler of a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
What is something that scares you, but you want to try anyway?
If you could hide treasure in the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a talent you have that not many people know about?
What is your all-time favorite day of the week, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could write a story about the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather never have to sleep or never have to eat?
What is your all-time favorite insect, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could build a robot in a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could solve a mystery in a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
If you could live in a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three things would you bring?
If you could have a secret room in your house, what would be behind the door?
If you could write a story about a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite drink, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could hide treasure in a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite restaurant, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could bring your best friend to a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your favorite season and what do you love most about it?
If you could eat dinner with any fictional character, who would it be?
If you could throw a party in an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
What is something you think you are better at than anyone else in the family?
Did anyone do something nice for you today?
What is your all-time favorite ice cream flavor, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your favorite memory from this past year?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
If you could explore a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite language, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your favorite family vacation we have ever taken?
What is one thing you are really grateful for today?
If you could become the ruler of a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build your dream house, what is one crazy room you would include?
If you could bring your best friend to the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite musical instrument, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could direct a movie, who would be your lead actor?
If you were president for a day, what rule would you make?
What is a food you used to hate but now love?
If you could magically make one chore disappear forever, which one would it be?
Who is your biggest hero and why?
What is a skill you don't have but wish you did?
What is your all-time favorite candy, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could throw a party in the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could star in any movie, what kind of movie would it be?
What is your all-time favorite bird, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could solve a mystery in a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your favorite thing about the person sitting to your left?
What was the best part of your day today?
If you could live in a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite book, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
Would you rather have hands for feet or feet for hands?
If you could solve a mystery in a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite place, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your all-time favorite texture, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could take a vacation to the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite color, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your all-time favorite breakfast food, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the hardest thing you have ever had to do?
If you could solve a mystery in an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a book you think everyone in the family should read?
Did you learn anything new or surprising today?
What is the weirdest dream you have ever had?
If you could write a story about a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
What is the best gift you have ever given someone?
If you could change your name, what would you change it to?
If you could bring your best friend to space, what is the first thing you would do?
If you wrote a book, what would it be about?
What is something that always makes you smile when you are sad?
If you could explore the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite mythical creature, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
If our family had a theme song, what would it be?
What is your all-time favorite dinosaur, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could throw a party in space, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite car, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your all-time favorite video game, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your all-time favorite superpower, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
Would you rather explore space or the deepest part of the ocean?
What is your all-time favorite shoe brand, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could take a vacation to a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather travel to the past or the future?
If you could have any superpower for just one day, what would you choose?
What is your all-time favorite school subject, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to space, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite snack, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could solve a mystery in a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could talk to animals, which animal would you interview first?
If you could write a story about a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could solve a mystery in space, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could throw a party in a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing, what would it be?
If you could throw a party in a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
What is the most beautiful sound in the world to you?
What is your all-time favorite historical era, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is something you are really looking forward to this week?
If you could become the ruler of a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could solve a mystery in the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a distant planet, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite sea creature, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could build a robot in space, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite season, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What is your all-time favorite flower, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could hide treasure in a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather be a master at painting or a master at playing the piano?
If you could bring your best friend to a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could invent a new ice cream flavor, what would be in it?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes early or 20 minutes late?
What is the best piece of advice you have ever received?
If you could live in a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could design a new roller coaster, what would it be like?
If you could build a robot in a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about space, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather have to sing instead of speak, or dance instead of walk?
If you could be an expert at any musical instrument, what would you play?
What is a song that always gets stuck in your head?
If you could solve a mystery in a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could solve a mystery in a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you had to live in a cartoon world, which one would you choose?
If you could solve a mystery in the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite store, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could explore a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite song, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
Would you rather win a gold medal in the Olympics or a Nobel Prize?
What is the most beautiful place you have ever seen?
If you could hide treasure in a haunted house, what is the first thing you would do?
What was the most challenging part of your day?
What is one thing you would love to learn how to cook or bake?
If you could hide treasure in the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather be a famous actor or a famous scientist?
If you could hide treasure in space, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather live without music or without television?
What is your all-time favorite dance move, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could write a story about the ocean, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could bring your best friend to a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?
What is your favorite movie of all time and why?
If you could build a robot in a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could throw a party in a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could instantly speak any other language, what would it be?
Did you do something nice for someone else today?
What is the kindest thing someone has ever said to you?
What is your all-time favorite movie, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
What made you laugh today?
What is your all-time favorite fruit, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could bring your best friend to a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite accent, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could become the ruler of the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a rule you think our family should change?
If you found a magic genie, what would your three wishes be?
What is the most unusual thing you have ever eaten?
If you could solve a mystery in a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite animal, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could teleport anywhere right now, where would you end up?
If you could be famous for inventing something, what would it be?
Would you rather be invisible or be able to read minds?
If you could solve a mystery in a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could write a story about a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could live in a volcano, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could take a vacation to a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could throw a party in a magical forest, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather fly like a bird or swim underwater like a fish?
If you could be a professional athlete, what sport would you play?
If you could throw a party in a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in a hidden cave, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could explore the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
Would you rather have spaghetti for hair or sweat maple syrup?
What is your favorite thing to do on a lazy Saturday?
If you could build a robot in an underwater dome, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in the center of the earth, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite food, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of a time machine, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could throw a party in a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could build a robot in a parallel universe, what is the first thing you would do?
What is your all-time favorite sport, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
If you could become the ruler of a candy factory, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could throw a party in a cloud city, what is the first thing you would do?
What is the funniest joke you know?
If you could throw a party in a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could hide treasure in a snow castle, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could solve a mystery in a giant treehouse, what is the first thing you would do?
If you could open a store, what would you sell?
What is your all-time favorite hobby, and what is your favorite memory involving it?
