Here is a joke: Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake!
Did you know that a day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus?
Here is a joke: What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore!
Did you know that bananas glow blue under black lights?
Here is a joke: What is fast, loud and crunchy? A rocket chip!
Did you know that a flock of crows is known as a murder?
Here is a joke: Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Did you know that a jiffy is an actual unit of time? It is one-hundredth of a second!
Here is a joke: What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield.
Did you know that human teeth are just as strong as shark teeth?
Here is a joke: What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells!
Did you know that baby elephants suck their trunks for comfort, just like babies suck their thumbs?
Here is a joke: What do you call a guy who is really loud? Mike!
Did you know that there is a species of jellyfish that is biologically immortal?
Here is a joke: Why did the police officer sit in bed? Because he was on an undercover cop!
Did you know that an ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain?
Here is a joke: What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
Did you know that wombat poop is cube-shaped?
Here is a joke: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy.
Did you know that a group of flamingos is called a flamboyance?
Here is a joke: What did the sink say to the toilet? You look flushed!
Did you know that sloths have more neck bones than giraffes?
Here is a joke: What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
Did you know that the unicorn is the national animal of Scotland?
Here is a joke: What do you call a cheese that is not yours? Nacho cheese!
Did you know that a blue whale's heart is the size of a small car?
Here is a joke: Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Did you know that strawberries are not actually berries, but bananas are?
Here is a joke: Why did the cow cross the road? To get to the udder side.
Did you know that a snail can sleep for three years?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
Did you know that honeybees can recognize human faces?
Here is a joke: Why are ghosts such bad liars? Because you can see right through them.
Did you know that a single strand of spaghetti is called a spaghetto?
Here is a joke: What do you call a pony with a cough? A little horse.
Did you know that butterflies taste with their feet?
Here is a joke: What did one wall say to the other? I will meet you at the corner.
Did you know that polar bears have black skin underneath their white fur?
Here is a joke: Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
Did you know that the longest hiccuping spell lasted for 68 years?
Here is a joke: What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman.
Did you know that sea otters have clear eyelids that act like underwater goggles?
Here is a joke: Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two tired!
Did you know that cows do not have upper front teeth?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
Did you know that an octopus has three hearts?
Here is a joke: Why did the melon jump into the lake? It wanted to be a water-melon.
Did you know that pigeons can do math at the same level as monkeys?
Here is a joke: What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite.
Did you know that a group of porcupines is called a prickle?
Here is a joke: What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.
Did you know that frogs cannot vomit? If they need to, they throw up their entire stomach!
Here is a joke: Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Did you know that a hippo's sweat is pink?
Here is a joke: What do you call a dog that can do magic? A labracadabrador.
Did you know that cheetahs do not roar, they actually meow and purr like house cats?
Here is a joke: Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Did you know that a flea can jump 200 times its own body length?
Here is a joke: What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Did you know that kangaroos cannot walk backwards?
Here is a joke: What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Did you know that the Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during the summer?
Here is a joke: Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you know that a crocodile cannot stick its tongue out?
Here is a joke: What do you call a can opener that does not work? A can not opener.
Did you know that a bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the surface of the sun?
Here is a joke: What do elves learn in school? The elf-abet!
Did you know that koalas have fingerprints that are almost identical to human fingerprints?
Here is a joke: Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.
Did you know that the shortest commercial flight in the world takes only 57 seconds?
Here is a joke: What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
Did you know that armadillo shells are bulletproof?
Here is a joke: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Did you know that dolphins have names for each other?
Here is a joke: What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Did you know that peanuts are not nuts, they are legumes?
Here is a joke: Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus!
Did you know that a group of lemurs is called a cuddle?
Here is a joke: What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
Did you know that space is completely silent?
Here is a joke: Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
Did you know that giant water lilies in the Amazon can hold the weight of a small child?
Here is a joke: What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate? A candy baa.
Did you know that humans share 50 percent of their DNA with bananas?
Here is a joke: Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns do not work.
Did you know that a shrimp's heart is located in its head?
Here is a joke: What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
Did you know that there is a planet made almost entirely of diamonds?
Here is a joke: Why did the math tree fall over? It had square roots.
Did you know that the inventor of the microwave appliance only received two dollars for his discovery?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fake rock in Ireland? A sham rock.
Did you know that pigs cannot look up into the sky?
Here is a joke: Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
Did you know that a group of owls is called a parliament?
Here is a joke: What do you call a bear without any ears? A B!
Did you know that honey never spoils?
Here is a joke: Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it was not peeling well.
Did you know that a jellyfish is 95 percent water?
Here is a joke: What do you call a sleeping piece of wood? A rest-ing board!
Did you know that the national animal of Scotland is the Unicorn?
Here is a joke: Why are elevator jokes so classic? Because they work on many levels.
Did you know that apples float in water because they are 25 percent air?
Here is a joke: What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Did you know that the first oranges were not orange, but green?
Here is a joke: Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He could not see himself doing it.
Did you know that cats cannot taste sweet things?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Did you know that all the ants on Earth weigh about as much as all the humans?
Here is a joke: Why did the chicken go to the seance? To get to the other side.
Did you know that a bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread?
Here is a joke: What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow.
Did you know that horses can sleep both lying down and standing up?
Here is a joke: Why did the belt go to jail? For holding up the pants.
Did you know that astronauts actually get taller while they are in space?
Here is a joke: What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
Did you know that the heart of a shrimp is located in its head?
Here is a joke: Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Did you know that some turtles can breathe through their butts?
Here is a joke: What do you call a magical dog? A labracadabrador!
Did you know that an octopus can fit through any hole that is larger than its beak?
Here is a joke: Why did the math book look so sad? It had too many problems.
Did you know that a day on Mercury is longer than its year?
Here is a joke: What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Did you know that goats have rectangular pupils?
Here is a joke: Why do ducks have feathers? To cover their butt quacks!
Did you know that the world's smallest reptile is a chameleon that can fit on the tip of a matchstick?
Here is a joke: What do you call a well-balanced horse? Stable.
Did you know that some sharks glow in the dark?
Here is a joke: Why did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Did you know that a giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue?
Here is a joke: What do you get when you cross a snake and a pie? A pie-thon.
Did you know that butterflies cannot fly if they are cold?
Here is a joke: Why are spiders so smart? Because they can find everything on the web.
Did you know that a lion's roar can be heard from five miles away?
Here is a joke: What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A meow-tain.
Did you know that the average person spends six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green?
Here is a joke: Why did the skeleton refuse to go to the dance? He had no body to go with.
Did you know that tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur?
Here is a joke: What do you call an everyday potato? A com-mentator.
Did you know that a group of rhinos is called a crash?
Here is a joke: Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? All the fans left.
Did you know that watermelons are classified as both a fruit and a vegetable?
Here is a joke: What do you get if you cross a stereo and a refrigerator? Upbeat music.
Did you know that penguins can drink sea water because they have a special gland that filters out the salt?
Here is a joke: Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
Did you know that a completely blind chameleon can still take on the colors of its environment?
Here is a joke: What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt!
Did you know that honey is the only food that does not spoil?
Here is a joke: Why did the child study in the airplane? They wanted a higher education.
Did you know that elephants are the only animals that cannot jump?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fairy that has not taken a bath? Stinkerbell.
Did you know that a group of frogs is called an army?
Here is a joke: What do you call a bear caught in the rain? A drizzly bear.
Did you know that a crocodile can replace its teeth up to 50 times in its lifespan?
Here is a joke: Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.
Did you know that the fingerprints of a koala are so indistinguishable from humans that they have confused crime scene investigators?
Here is a joke: What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
Did you know that hummingbirds have hair on their eyes?
Here is a joke: Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
Did you know that a blue whale's tongue weighs as much as an elephant?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Did you know that a cockroach can live for weeks without its head?
Here is a joke: What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite.
Did you know that sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins can?
Here is a joke: Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly.
Did you know that the hashtag symbol is technically called an octothorpe?
Here is a joke: What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
Did you know that an ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain?
Here is a joke: Why did the computer squeak? Someone stepped on its mouse!
Did you know that sea otters hold hands while they sleep so they don't drift apart?
Here is a joke: What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Did you know that your nose gets warmer when you lie?
Here is a joke: Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill? It ran out of juice.
Did you know that wolverines can smell prey buried under 20 feet of snow?
Here is a joke: What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny.
Did you know that wombat poop is cube-shaped?
Here is a joke: What do you call a dog that is ready for spring? A hot dog.
Did you know that some fungi create zombies out of ants?
Here is a joke: What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
Did you know that you cannot hum while holding your nose closed?
Here is a joke: Why did the boy eat his math homework? Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.
Did you know that flamingos bend their legs at the ankle, not the knee?
Here is a joke: What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
Did you know that the total weight of all the ants on Earth is roughly equal to the total weight of all the humans?
Here is a joke: What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper!
Did you know that giant pandas can eat up to 28 pounds of bamboo every single day?
Here is a joke: What do you call a grumpy cow? Moo-dy.
Did you know that if you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will eventually turn pale?
Here is a joke: Why don't eggs tell jokes? Because they might crack up.
Did you know that a group of crows is called a murder?
Here is a joke: What do you call a bird that is afraid of heights? A chicken.
Did you know that a hippo can run faster than a human?
Here is a joke: Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools!
Did you know that a single cloud can weigh more than 1 million pounds?
Here is a joke: What do you call a magical cow? Moo-dini.
Did you know that the Earth's oceans contain nearly 20 million tons of gold?
Here is a joke: Why did the painting go to jail? Because it was framed!
Did you know that human thigh bones are stronger than concrete?
Here is a joke: What do you call an alligator detective? An investi-gator.
Did you know that butterflies taste with their feet?
Here is a joke: What do you call a cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
Did you know that cats have 32 muscles in each of their ears?
Here is a joke: Why did the math book look so sad? Because it had too many problems!
Did you know that your brain uses about 20 percent of your body's energy?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
Did you know that dolphins sleep with one eye open?
Here is a joke: What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Did you know that a snail can sleep for three years at a time?
Here is a joke: Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy.
Did you know that sea turtles can live to be over 100 years old?
Here is a joke: What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Did you know that the shortest war in history lasted only 38 minutes?
Here is a joke: Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Did you know that a group of jellyfish is called a smack?
Here is a joke: What do you call a belt with a watch on it? A waist of time.
Did you know that an adult human is made up of about 7 octillion atoms?
Here is a joke: Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Did you know that a flea can accelerate faster than a space shuttle?
Here is a joke: What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
Did you know that the moon is shrinking very slowly over time?
Here is a joke: Why did the kid throw his clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly.
Did you know that apples are more effective at waking you up in the morning than coffee?
Here is a joke: What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-tain.
Did you know that humans are the only animals capable of drawing a straight line?
Here is a joke: Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Did you know that it is physically impossible for pigs to look straight up into the sky?
Here is a joke: What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
Did you know that a crocodile can grow up to 3000 teeth in its lifetime?
Here is a joke: Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired.
Did you know that there are more trees on Earth than stars in the Milky Way galaxy?
Here is a joke: What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore!
Did you know that a group of parrots is called a pandemonium?
Here is a joke: What do you call a guy who is really loud? Mike.
Did you know that honeybees have five eyes?
Here is a joke: Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Did you know that the Eiffel Tower can grow more than six inches during the summer?
Here is a joke: What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
Did you know that the inventor of the Pringles can was actually trying to invent a new kind of tennis ball container?
Here is a joke: What do you call a pony with a cough? A little horse.
Did you know that some frogs can freeze completely solid in the winter and thaw out in the spring perfectly fine?